! Agile Artificial Intelligence

Name: Alexandre Bergel

Abstract: [Agile Artificial Intelligence in Pharo -- Implementing Neural Networks, Genetic Algorithms, and Neuroevolution](https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-1-4842-5384-7) is a book published in 2020 by Apress/Springer. This talk gives an highlight of the book and briefly summarizes how neural networks, genetic algorithm, and neuroevolution are presented. 

Bio: Alexandre Bergel is Computer Scientist at RelationalAI, Switzerland. Until 2022, he was Associate Professor and researcher at the University of Chile. Alexandre Bergel and his collaborators carry out research in software engineering. His interest includes designing tools and methodologies to improve the overall performance and internal quality of software systems and databases by employing profiling, visualization, and artificial intelligence techniques. Alexandre Bergel has authored over 170 articles, published in international and peer-reviewed scientific forums, including the most competitive conferences and journals in the field of software engineering. Alexandre has participated in over 175 program committees of international events. Several of his research prototypes have been turned into products and adopted by major companies in the semiconductor industry, certification of critical software systems, and aerospace industry. Alexandre gave talks to prominent research institutes, including NASA JPL and the Deutsches Zentrum für Luft- und Raumfahrt (DLR). Alexandre is a member of the editorial board of Empirical Software Engineering. Alexandre authored 4 books: Agile Visualization with Pharo, Agile Artificial Intelligence in Pharo, Agile Visualization, and co-authored the book Deep Into Pharo.
